SEO updates to busaries page (#4338)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries.md

You will not need to pay tax or National Insurance on bursary payments. 

> You do not have to pay a bursary back.

Reviewer: Would it be more natural to say `pay back a bursary` rather than `pay a bursary back`?

You will not need to pay tax or National Insurance on scholarship payments. 

> You do not have to pay a scholarship back.

Author: This one isn't for SEO, but might leave it so it matches the other one

### How to apply for a scholarship

> You need to apply directly to the scholarship provider. Each provider sets their own application deadline and will confirm if you meet their eligibility requirements. You can out find about how to apply, deadlines and more details about each scholarship on the scholarship providers'website:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to apply directly to the scholarship provider. Each provider sets their own application deadline and will confirm if you meet their eligibility requirements. You can out find about how to apply, deadlines and more details about each scholarship on the scholarship provider's website:
```
